README.md, before:

[![Docker Hub](http://dockeri.co/image/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server)](https://hub.docker.com/r/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server/)

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest)
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest)

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu)
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu)


# Hashcat WPA/WPA2 server

Yet another WPA/WPA2 hashes cracker. Powered by [hashcat](https://hashcat.net/hashcat/). It uses the most common wordlists and rules. Written in Python 3.6.

Check out running server on AWS free tier instance: http://85.217.171.57:9111. To surf the site, login with the `guest:guest` credentials. (Yes, you don't have the permissions to start jobs. Contact me if necessary.)

## Deployment

#### Building your local image

```
export HASHCAT_ADMIN_USER=admin
export HASHCAT_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<your-secret-password>
docker-compose up -d
```

That's all! Navigate to [localhost:9111](localhost:9111). SQLite database with all users and uploaded tasks will be located in `$HOME/hashcat_database/hashcat_wpa.db` on your host machine.


#### Using docker hub. Nvidia GPU

Make sure you've installed [nvidia-docker2](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker).

Then run `:latest` docker container from the [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server/): 

```
docker run --runtime=nvidia -d -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_USER=admin -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<your-secret-password> -v ${HOME}/hashcat_database:/hashcat-wpa-server/database -p 9111:80 dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest
```

Or build your own image with Nvidia support: 

```
docker build --build-arg branch=latest -t hashcat-wpa-server:latest -f Dockerfile .
```

Then run your `hashcat-wpa-server:latest` docker image instead of `dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest`. You'll still need [nvidia-docker2](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker) package installed to start containers.

#### Using docker hub. Intel CPU

For those who don't have GPUs, use `:intel-cpu` tag (suitable for AWS free tier instances):

```
docker run -d -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_USER=admin -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<your-secret-password> -v ${HOME}/hashcat_database:/hashcat-wpa-server/database -p 9111:80 dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu
```

Commit message:

doubled Dockerfile and docker-compose for latest and intel-cpu; explained run_all() strategy

README.md, after:

[![Docker Hub](http://dockeri.co/image/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server)](https://hub.docker.com/r/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server/)

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest)
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest)

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu)
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu)


# Hashcat WPA/WPA2 server

Yet another WPA/WPA2 hashes cracker. Powered by [hashcat](https://hashcat.net/hashcat/), written in Python 3.6.

Every password cracking researcher is proud of his/her wordlists and rules. Here is my strategy of checking the most
probable passwords that require only a few minutes to run on any laptop or Raspberry Pi. They are all run in
[`BaseAttack.run_all()`](
https://github.com/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server/blob/c9285676668c1c64fd5a62282366d3cb92dff969/app/attack/base_attack.py#L220)
method:

* `run_essid_attack`: ESSID + digits_append.txt combinator attack (`-a1`), ESSID + best64.rule attack.
* `run_bssid_attack`: Some routers, i.e., TP-LINK, in the past used the last 8 MAC AP characters as the default password.
* `run_top1k`: Top1575-probable-v2.txt + best64.rule attack.
* `run_top304k`: Top304Thousand-probable-v2.txt attack.
* `run_digits8`: birthdays 100 years backward, digits masks like aabbccdd (refer to ![mask_8-12.txt](digits/mask_8-12.txt)), digits cycles, and more.
* `run_keyboard_walk`: [keyboard-walk](https://github.com/hashcat/kwprocessor) attack.
* `run_names`: names_ua-ru.txt with ![essid.rule](rules/essid.rule) attack.

Check out a running server on a CPU instance: http://85.217.171.57:9111. To surf the site, login with the `guest:guest` credentials. (Yes, you don't have the permissions to start jobs. Contact me if necessary.)

'rockyou.txt' and 'phpbb.txt' classic wordlist options are for demonstration purposes only and are not recommended to
run with, since they are not optimized as, for example, in
[Probable-Wordlists](https://github.com/berzerk0/Probable-Wordlists).


## Deployment

#### Building your local image

```
export HASHCAT_ADMIN_USER=admin
export HASHCAT_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<your-secret-password>
docker-compose up -d
```

That's all! Navigate to [localhost:9111](localhost:9111). SQLite database with all users and uploaded tasks will be located in `$HOME/hashcat_database/hashcat_wpa.db` on your host machine.


#### Using docker hub. Nvidia GPU

Make sure you've installed [nvidia-docker2](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker).

Then run `:latest` docker container from the [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server/): 

```
docker run --runtime=nvidia -d -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_USER=admin -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<your-secret-password> -v ${HOME}/hashcat_database:/hashcat-wpa-server/database -p 9111:80 dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:latest
```

Or build your own image with Nvidia support: 

```
docker build -t hashcat-wpa-server -f docker/Dockerfile .
```

Then run your `hashcat-wpa-server` docker image instead of `dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server`. You'll still need [nvidia-docker2](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker) package installed to start containers.

#### Using docker hub. Intel CPU

For those who don't have GPUs, use `:intel-cpu` tag (suitable for AWS free tier instances):

```
docker run -d -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_USER=admin -e HASHCAT_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<your-secret-password> -v ${HOME}/hashcat_database:/hashcat-wpa-server/database -p 9111:80 dizcza/hashcat-wpa-server:intel-cpu
```
